docs(Grid): fix typo in reoder columns (#2154)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/columns/reorder.md

To enable the column reordering, set the `Reorderable` parameter of the grid to `true`.

> To prevent the user from moving a certain column, set its own parameter `Reorderable="false"`. Note that the user can still re-arrange other columns around it.

Reviewer: * "its own" is redundant
* "Reorderable" modifies "parameter" and must precede it
```suggestion
To prevent the user from moving a certain column, set the column's `Reorderable` parameter to `"false"`. Note that the user can still re-arrange other columns around it.
```
